#summary Authority of HIT-MW database
Dear {{{**[Name]**}}},

The copyright of HIT-MW database is held by Artificial Intelligence Lab, School of Computer Science and Technology, Harbin Institute of Technology, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province, China. We are granting your research group led by {{{**[Mentor/Leader]**}}} at {{{**[University]**}}}, with the right to use HIT-MW database in your research on {{{**[Application]**}}}. The authority is valid under the condition that you warrant the following FOUR aspects:

1) At least one of the following papers should be cited, when using HIT-MW database in your report, thesis, or paper:
[1] Tonghua Su, Tianwen Zhang, et al. "Corpus-based HIT-MW database for offline recognition of general-purpose Chinese handwritten text". International Journal of Document Analysis and Recognition. 2007,10(1):27-38.
[2] Tonghua Su, Tianwen Zhang, et al. "HIT-MW Dataset for Offline Chinese Handwritten Text Recognition". Proceedings of the Tenth International Workshop on Frontiers in Handwriting Recognition. 2006 .

2) Don't distribute the copy of HIT-MW database.

3) ONLY used in academic purpose.

4) The letter is sent from hitmwdb AT gmail.com .

 5) The authority will be expired a year later. Extra request should send to us for the next authority.

The homepages of HIT-MW database are at http://hitmwdb.googlepages.com or http://code.google.com/p/hit-mw-database/ (English version) and http://hi.baidu.com/hitmw (Chinese version). You can download the database freely, following above URL.

Any questions or suggestions are very welcome.

Best Regards,

Tong-Hua Su

{{{**[Data]**}}}
